[Music]
ten mistakes that could cost you your
life
when we meet some animals on a picnic or
in the woods we either get scared or
become happiest children but we usually
don't know what to do in each case
here's some tips on what to do with wild
animals and how to behave so as to not
harm them or yourself 10 meeting a moose
in the woods a moose is one of the
largest animals you might meet in the
woods
they are quite timid and run away first
but during the fall they can be
dangerous as this is the period of
coupling during this time breeding males
are agitated and competitive in Siberia
they even say a moose is scarier than a
bear you shouldn't approach moose calves
make any abrupt movements you should go
away if you hear a moose roaring even
that is enough to get scared slowly
leave a Moose's pathway it can't move
back hide behind a tree
they have very bad eyesight turn on loud
music because they are afraid of loud
noises if a moose runs after you scale a
tree these signs will tell you that a
moose is about to attack it stops eating
and stares at you its ears lie down flat
against its head while the hair on its
neck hump and hip raises it walks toward
you lowering its head it urinates it
whips its head back just like horses do
9 meeting a moose or a boar on the road
while driving you shouldn't press the
car horn or blink the lights because the
animal can attack you try to drive
around the moose you should be on the
watch when traveling during the fall
slowly stop if the animal appears on the
road in case of urgency try to drive
slowly around the animal if you hit the
animal with your car don't approach the
animal even if it seems dead it could
harm you don't try to take it away with
you
this can cause criminal liability the
right actions are designed by the
legislation of your country it's most
likely that you have to call the traffic
police eight meeting a hedgehog you
shouldn't give it any milk yes you heard
that correctly contrary the stereotypes
hedgehogs have milk indigestion
so probably don't try ice cream either
touch a hedgehog barehanded as you might
catch a whole variety of infections take
a hedgehog home if it's not wounded it's
not a pet it's a wild animal you should
call the Animal Rescue Service if the
Hedgehog isn't okay in this case you may
take the animal with you seven if you're
attacked by an angry boar actually this
does not often happen as an average boar
will run away upon first seeing you
however Tuskers attack you shouldn't run
away the animal will catch up with you
be sure of your weapon boars have very
thick skin and a weapon attack will only
make them angrier you should hide behind
a tree this way the animal will lose
sight of you climb up a tree make loud
noises 6 if there's a bat in your
apartment you shouldn't panic don't be
superstitious the animal is more likely
to be lost it's not here to drink your
blood there are two types of bats fruit
eaters and insect eaters and neither of
them feast on humans except of course
for Dracula's touch it barehanded throw
a sleeping bat out of the window you
should take away all your pets put on
some thick gloves wait until the animal
is on a surface and then carefully take
it you can also cover it with a box and
shove something under it if the bat is
awake go outside the house and let it
fly out if the bat is asleep wait until
it wakes up for this time just cover it
with a box with air holes 5 if a coyote
a fox or a jackal
you you shouldn't run away the animal
might trace you approach the animal and
try to play with it you should slowly
stand back shout stretch out your arms
or clothes to give the impression that
you have an increased size throw a stone
in the direction of the animal not
exactly at it or give the impression
that you are going to throw it for if a
nestling has fallen out of its nest in
99% of cases you should leave a nestling
as it is and not try to save it the bird
is just trying to learn how to fly and
its parents are usually somewhere nearby
you should save a nestling if it has
visible damage its a swift or pigeon
nestling it's blind and featherless you
might also call the Animal Rescue
Service because it's really difficult to
raise a nestling yourself 3 if a dolphin
is near you while you are swimming in
the sea people think that these animals
are truly kind letting you ride their
backs or saving you from drowning
this belief came from greco-roman times
when dolphins were believed to have
close connections to the gods for
example a favorite Messenger of Poseidon
was Dell finest that's why the God
placed the image of a dolphin in the
stars in ancient Greece a death penalty
was awaiting anybody who killed a
dolphin all in all people have always
believed that dolphins have special
powers that can cure humans
well you shouldn't humanize dolphins
even when being friendly they can still
harm you they bite and can also
painfully push you you shouldn't flounce
near a dolphin firmly believe that a
dolphin can do absolutely no harm to you
you should swim away from the Dolphins
interact with these animals only if you
have an opportunity to leave the water
at any moment - if a dolphin has been
washed ashore you shouldn't carry it
back to the sea because it will surely
die if the animal is on the shore it's
likely to be sick or injured leave the
animal alone because it will be attacked
by goals or dogs you should
beat two rescuers or the Coast Guard and
wait for help near the dolphin protect
the animal from the Sun it will become
hot very quickly even in winter cover it
with a wet towel or algae water the
animal from time to time
watch out water can get into the
breathing hole avoid it one meeting a
shark in the open sea actually
situations where you meet a shark that
is going to attack you do not happen
very often but such an acquaintance is
still dangerous
you shouldn't panic sharks feel your
fear and get even angrier due to the
prey Drive try to swim away a shark is
on its territory and it moves very
quickly it's going to catch you
you should stay still try to leave the
pathway of the animal by slowly swimming
away it will lose its interest in you
defend yourself if a shark attacks punch
it on the nose with all your might and
try to leave the water the shark is
going to be led astray for a while if
the animal is going to bite you try to
ensure its eyes or gills these are the
weakest parts of a shark's body either
way defend yourself and try to leave the
water quickly by all means one more
thing attention any warm-blooded animal
might be a carrier of rabies this is a
lethal disease that can't be cured the
disease is transmitted through a bite or
spit
however sweet and animal seems you
better not touch it don't let your pets
play with wild animals if you see an
injured animal call the animal rescue
service professionals will help it
better than you don't feed wild animals
they get used to it and lose the ability
to find foods themselves besides they're
going to beg for food from people who
know nothing about their habits insolent
animals might scare or injure them never
touch young animals they may seem cute
but their parents will be aggressive we
don't want to say that animals threaten
you and you should always avoid them
you should just remember that they are
not your
toys or friends they are not good or bad
but they are wild and unpredictable have
you ever had any encounters with wild
animals if so how did you behave in
these situations tell us in the comments
below share this video with those of
your friends who like camping and
spending time in the countryside have
you subscribed to our channel not yet
then what are you waiting for do it
right away so you don't miss all the
cool stuff that you can find on the
bright side of life